<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui" xmlns:b="http://bootsfaces.net/ui"
	template="/WEB-INF/template.xhtml">

	<ui:define name="head">

	</ui:define>

	<ui:define name="content">

		<div class="Container100 NoIndent OrangeBack" id="atlas-infoArea">
			<div class="EmptyBox100"></div>
			<!-- <h1 class="FontDosisRegular Fs30 SoftGray TexAlCenter">About AdsMobo App</h1> -->


			<div class="Wid80 MarAuto">
				<div class="Container50 Responsive50 TexAlCenter">
					<h:graphicImage name="images/hiw_how.png" library="default"
						styleClass="Wid90" />
				</div>
				<div class="Container50 Responsive50">
					<h1 class="Fs35 FontBold Blue FontDosisSemiBold">How It Works</h1>
					<br /> <span class="FontDosisMedium Fs18 SoftGray">Advertiser
						signups for account at AdsMobo.com and on signing up for account
						we give complementary 100 credits.<br /> Using these 100 Credits
						advertiser can submit his first Whatsapp Marketing Campaign with
						us. We will cross check the Ad and if everything is fine then we
						will approve same Ad.<br /> Once Ad is approved it gets published
						at AdsMobo App.Our adsmobo app users are basically Whatsapp users
						too.<br /> So once Ad is published on adsmobo App our app users
						start sharing same Ad with their friends, relatives or colleagues
						on Whatsapp.<br /> Now if any one of those people who might be
						interested in your offer or business will click on the link given
						in the Ad copy 50 Paisa will be deducted from your campaign budget
						and simultaneously 50 Paisa will be credited into the account of
						person who shared your Ad.<br /> Once you have consumed Free 100
						Credits then you can buy more credits online instantly.
					</span>
				</div>
				<div class="EmptyBox30"></div>
				<div class="Container50 Responsive50 TexAlRight">
					<h1 class="Fs35 FontBold Blue FontDosisSemiBold">WhatsApp Marketing
						Strategies and Tips.</h1>
					<br /> <span class="FontDosisMedium Fs18 SoftGray"><b>1)
							No direct selling</b> – To get best Whatsapp Marketing results, try
						and not pitch your service or product directly (Like a Sale
						Pitch). Instead try making your Ad copy a bit viral and
						informative which people will be happy to further share on
						Whatsapp. <br></br> <b>2) Call for action </b>– Marketing on
						Whatsapp is an art, and you need to master this art. Do not worry
						it is not that tough. Try and add call for actions in the end of
						your Ad Copy. <br></br> <b>For Example – </b><br> </br> - Please
						do share this information with everyone. <br> </br>- If you wish
						to buy (xyz product) then click on link given below <br> </br>-
						Install this app by clicking on below given link. <br></br> <b>3)
							Word Limit</b> – To Short Ad Description or To Long Ad Description
						will not work. So try and keep your Ad Description with in 150
						Words. To short looks like direct sale pitch and even spam and to
						long will make users ignore your Ad. </span>
				</div>
				<div class="Container50 Responsive50 TexAlCenter">
					<h:graphicImage name="images/hiw_market.png" library="default"
						styleClass="Wid90" />
				</div>
				<div class="EmptyBox30"></div>
				<div class="Container50 Responsive50 TexAlCenter">
					<h:graphicImage name="images/hiw_stat.png" library="default"
						styleClass="Wid90" />
				</div>
				<div class="Container50 Responsive50">
					<h1 class="Fs35 FontBold Blue FontDosisSemiBold">Some Interesting
						Whatsapp Statistics.</h1>
					<br /> <span class="FontDosisMedium Fs18 SoftGray"><br></br>
						<b>NOTE </b>– Below given statistics can be old and might have
						changes by now. We have collected these Statistics from publically
						available sources on internet. For accurate statistics please
						visit other resources. <br></br> <b>Whatsapp Users WorldWide?</b><br></br>
						1.5 Billion <br></br> <b>How Many users use Whatsapp Status
							Daily?</b><br></br> 300 Million daily active users <br></br> <b>
							Number of messages sent on Whatsapp daily?</b><br></br> 60 Billion <br></br>
						<b> Number of Groups on Whatsapp?</b><br> </br>1 Billion <br></br>
						<b> All languages Whatsapp Support?</b><br></br> 60 Languages <br></br>
						<b> How many photos are shared on Whatsapp daily?</b><br></br> 4.5
						Billion <br></br> <b> Number of active whatsapp users in
							India?</b><br></br> 200 Million <br></br> <b> Average time users
							spends on Whatsapp weekly?</b><br></br> 195 minutes <br></br> <b>
							Average monthly messages sent by Whatsapp users?</b><br></br> 1,200 <br></br>
						<b> Whatsapp users on Android device?</b><br></br> 73&#8274; <br></br>
						<b> Whatsapp users on iOS device?</b><br></br> 22&#8274; <br></br>
					</span>
				</div>

			</div>

			<div class="EmptyBox10"></div>

		</div>



	</ui:define>

</ui:composition>