<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui" xmlns:b="http://bootsfaces.net/ui"
	template="/WEB-INF/template.xhtml">

	<ui:define name="head">

	</ui:define>

	<ui:define name="content">

		<div class="Container100 NoIndent OrangeBack" id="atlas-infoArea">
			<div class="EmptyBox100"></div>
			<h1 class="FontDosisRegular Fs30 SoftGray TexAlCenter">AdsMobo
				Advertiser Benefits</h1>


			<div class="Wid100 MarAuto">
				<!-- <div class="Container50 Responsive50 TexAlCenter">
					<h:graphicImage name="images/hiw_how.png" library="default"
						styleClass="Wid90" />
				</div> -->
				<div class="Container100 Responsive100 TexAlCenter">
					<!-- <h1 class="Fs30 Purple FontDosisSemiBold">AdsMobo Advertiser Benefits</h1> -->
					<br /> <span class="TexAlCenter FontDosisMedium Fs18 SoftGray">Advertiser
						signups for account at AdsMobo.com and on signing up for account
						we give complementary 100 credits.<br /> Using these 100 Credits
						advertiser can submit his first Whatsapp Marketing Campaign with
						us. We will cross check the Ad and if everything is fine then we
						will approve same Ad.<br /> Once Ad is approved it gets published
						at AdsMobo App.Our adsmobo app users are basically Whatsapp users
						too.<br /> So once Ad is published on adsmobo App our app users
						start sharing same Ad with their friends, relatives or colleagues
						on Whatsapp.<br /> Now if any one of those people who might be
						interested in your offer or business will click on the link given
						in the Ad copy 50 Paisa will be deducted from your campaign budget
						and simultaneously 50 Paisa will be credited into the account of
						person who shared your Ad.<br /> Once you have consumed Free 100
						Credits then you can buy more credits online instantly.
						<div class="EmptyBox30"></div>
						<h2 class="maint-title text-center">Why Whatsapp Marketing?</h2>
						<hr class="gdivider" align="center"></hr> Whenever social media
						comes to your mind, you think of sites like Facebook, twitter,
						Pinterest or Google Plus. But do you know that Messenger apps like
						Whatsapp have catch up with social networks in terms of monthly
						active users. In fact growth of messenger app like Whatsapp has
						been higher than Facebook. Now everyone is looking for option to
						promote their Website/Apps on Whatsapp. Whatsapp has emerged as
						one of the biggest messenger app in the world, with over 1.5
						billion monthly active user’s worldwide. This is the reason
						Facebook purchased Whatsapp for $19 Billion Dollars in 2014. With
						over 200 Million Whatsapp Users in India and over 98% Message open
						rate, makes whatsapp the most engaging marketing channel on the
						planet. You cannot ignore this kind of market penetration any
						more. But the question is how you can use Whatsapp for marketing?
						Below you will find answer to this question. <br></br> <br></br>
						<h2 class="maint-title text-center">What is Whatsapp?</h2>
						<hr class="gdivider" align="center"></hr> Whatsapp is a free
						messaging app, it uses internet to send text messages, images,
						videos, audios and files. The app has become so popular! Because
						it is very similar to text sms service, but Whatsapp app user’s
						can send messages via internet because of which cost for sending
						messages is almost nil. <br></br> <br></br>
						<h2 class="maint-title text-center">Whatsapp users by
							country?</h2>
						<hr class="gdivider" align="center"></hr> Whatsapp is now used in
						180 countries worldwide or 55.6 percent of World Population uses
						Whatsapp daily. According to 2017 stats Whatsapp is most active in
						following countries. Saudi Arabia - 73% Malaysia - 68% Germany -
						65% Brazil - 56% Mexico - 56% Turkey - 50% South Africa - 49%
						Indonesia - 40% India - 28% <br></br> <br></br>
						<h2 class="maint-title text-center">Why you should start
							marketing on Whatsapp?</h2>
						<hr class="gdivider" align="center"></hr> Whatsapp with over 98
						percent message open rate out performs any other customer outreach
						method like SMS or Email. Not just that 90 percent messages get
						opened with in three seconds after delivery on Whatsapp. No wonder
						Whatsapp has emerged as the most engaging channel on the planet
						today. More than 60 Billion messages are sent on Whatsapp daily.
						Surprisingly in one survey messaging app users like Whatsapp are
						comfortable in engaging with business via direct messaging. In the
						same survey 53 percent people said they are more likely to shop
						from business if business offers direct messaging option. <br></br>
						<br></br>
						<h2 class="maint-title text-center">Whatsapp Marketing
							Restrictions?</h2>
						<hr class="gdivider" align="center"></hr> WhatsApp doesn’t offer
						any ad space for businesses to buy, which is why marketing on
						Whatsapp has been impossible. Recently Whatsapp launched Whatsapp
						Business App, but with business app you can only reach out to your
						existing customers. What about 200 Millions Whatsapp users in
						India (Excluding your customers). So how can you reach these 200
						Million Whatsapp Users? Answer is adsmobo. <br></br> <br></br>
						<h2 class="maint-title text-center">With adsmobo now Whatsapp
							Marketing is possible</h2>
						<hr class="gdivider" align="center"></hr> We have already
						mentioned above that marketing on Whatsapp is impossible then how
						come whatsapp marketing is now possible via adsmobo? Before we
						answer this question let us put some light on another interesting
						fact. We have also mentioned above that Whatsapp does have 98
						percent message open rate which is highest for any network. So how
						come Whatsapp achieved 98 percent message open rate? Answer is
						Whatsapp is a private platform of small groups consisting of our
						friends, relatives and colleagues. Because people who know each
						other and are also connected on Whatsapp when they share any
						message with each other the message receiver will for sure open
						and read that message. Imagine if a Million people on Whatsapp
						share information about your Website or app with just 10 friends
						each. Your website or app will get promoted in front of 10 Million
						Whatsapp users. Interestingly at adsmobo we have managed to open
						the doors for businesses to start marketing on Whatsapp. At
						adsmobo we have developed an ecosystem where in businesses can now
						market on Whatsapp without breaking any Whatsapp policies.
					</span>
				</div>
				<div class="EmptyBox30"></div>


			</div>

			<div class="EmptyBox10"></div>

		</div>



	</ui:define>

</ui:composition>